So there's actually a brand new way to define functions inside of javascript.
Now before I show you how to do it you need to know there's a couple of differences between these new
functions referred to as aero functions and the traditional non aero functions.
So first is the bindings.
The key word this super arguments in the new target met a property would just learned about their bindings
are not to the arrow function.
They're are actually to the binding of the first non arrow function.
That wraps the arrow function.
So in other words the keyword this is not going to be equal to the arrow function.
It will be equal to the parent function.
Given that it's not an arrow function it cannot be called with the keyword new because there is no built
in constructor method on the arrow function so you can't have the keyword new used with the arrow function.
Since there is no need to use the new keyword with the arrow function and you can't call the constructor
method.
There is no need for a prototype.
You can't change the value of this.
You can't manipulate it.
There's no arguments object.
So essentially you have to rely on passing in arguments or using rest parameters to access different
arguments and you can have duplicate named parameters so you can't have two parameters with the same
name.
Unlike using strict mode with non aero functions so how do we make this thing why do we use it in that
case.
Well by simply changing the meaning of the keyword this to equal whatever the non aero function parent
is you're simplifying the code a lot because a lot of times people don't understand how the keyword
this actually operates.
And it can be kind of confusing to keep track of.
So by simplifying it to simply meaning the parent non aero function you eliminate a lot of bugs and
also by simplifying the meaning of the keyword this you allow engines different javascript engines to
optimize the code better for the keyword.
So there's a couple of different reasons for that.
Overall there is a lot of other things that are done for Aero functions a lot of these other reasons
that are basically meant to eliminate a lot of ambiguities associated with using functions and to make
the code faster and less error prone.
So with that being said let's say we make a function we'll do let And then we'll do add.
Now here's how we make an arrow function.
Pretty simple parentheses.
OK a new function keyword just parentheses.
And then we can set our parameters so I'll do the one and then vowed to.
Then we can do an arrow like so.
So you do equal sign and then greater then then your curly braces.
And then I'm just going to cancel that log.
That one plus not double plus just single plus value like so.
And then after that I can call it like a regular function so it does pass in two and four or two and
three I guess.
And you could see it prints out five.
So it works just like a normal function.
The syntax is a little different.
We don't have the key word function.
We don't have to give it a name.
We use this arrow and we use these curly braces.
So other than the benefits I just stated which is to simply simplify the keyword this and to make it
easier for agents to optimize and eliminate a lot of other ambiguities why would we use this.
Well it could be shorter.
So for example if you only have one argument then in that case you can actually omit these parentheses.
So for example you could do it.
And then subtract and said equal and then like I said if I only have one argument or one parameter I
can just omit the parentheses and then inside of here I'm just going to cancel that log let's cancel
the log.
Well one minus five like so.
Now if I invoke subtract and then pass and it's then you'll see it prints out five again.
So like I said you can omit the parentheses if you only have one argument.
If you have zero arguments then in that case you need to include the parentheses.
So we'll get rid of this argument right here and we'll just subtract 10 from 5 like so and you can see
it still equals five right there.
So something to keep in mind if you have one argument you can omit the parentheses and if you have zero
arguments you still need to include them.
Last but not least the other shortcut that comes with this syntax is returning things.
So do let multiply multiply and then let's say I will do multiply by five just to make it a super super
neige function and then I'll take one value.
So in this case I'll do Val one and all I want to do is return so I can do now 1 times 5.
Like so now even though I didn't explicitly write return like that it's still going to automatically
return this.
So what I can do now is counsel learn how to spell console log multiply by five and then I'll pass in
five like so.
And even though I didn't explicitly tell it to return it's still going to return 25.
So notice here I also left out the prints because I only have one argument.
If I had zero arguments I would do this and if I had two or more I would do this like so.
So I still have to include the princes.
But this is what allows it to be so short is any time you have one argument and just want to return
something.
It's very easy.
It looks very simple very clean.
But either way that is the basis of airfoil.